system to automatically e-mail artists - "You have a performance of "show' tomorrow at time T venue V".  also generate list of addresses and perhaps message text, for those who want to do the mailing personally


***add button for artist to confirm that they've checked their schedule

check character set used everywhere - make it utf-8 consistently.
need to do proper htmlspecialchars etc on ALL variables being output

proposal forms and venue forms are very similar in how they work - it seems like it should be possible to merge their code somewhat

venuemenu should sort the menu options itself - "order by shortname" doesn't help when some places don't have a shortname

on batch.php page - show a list on the side of all 'columns' (orgfields) that exist, and make it easy for one to show/hide them

MERGE createProposal.php and submitProposal.php --- "create proposal for other" apparently doesn't validate its input - allows one to create a proposal with no proposer also, it appears to use its own, outdated list of festival contacts

need to add some sort of "organizer positions" feature, to replace current use of "cards" (public contact info).  currently, cards include a 'role' entry (such as "theatre scheduler"); when this role changes to someone else, you have to create a card for the new person in that role, but that doesn't remove the role information from the old person, leaving outdated/contradictory information

search proposals

add 'change festival contact' to proposal page

when people edit proposal fields, they expect to be able to edit several then hit "save"
    - editing fields needs to be ajax based
    - or, one "save" submits all fields

force batch names to be unique

fix init.php setting of festival data

maybe change venues to have a status value, rather than deleted flag
    - confirmed, maybe, not-this-year (but then this should somehow be tied to festival id)

user privileges should be per festival - ie need to make a table with userid / festivalid / privileges

? share proposal-ownership command?

maybe: a table of 'rules' for special proposal fields.  eg if a field is named "batch" (as in a group show), it would be nice to convert the number into the batch name, and to add a special edit box for changing it.  "Description for brochure" field could have a modified editor that limited the text length

maybe: add some sort of 'lock' feature to venues (& proposals?), to use on ones from past years - makes it so they can't be edited, and can't be scheduled

when a show is deleted, all performances should be deleted (deleted, not cancelled).  when a group show is deleted, all performers should be removed.  probably should have a page asking for confirmation before this is done.

add "revokeProposalAccess" command and corresponding button
